fix/improve backward/forward compatibility for VM Backup and Restore (#731)
harvester/docs: docs/upgrade/automatic.md

Setting a smaller value than the pre-defined value may cause the upgrade to fail and is not recommended in a production environment.

:::

## VM Backup Compatibility

:::caution

Harvester **v1.4.2 and later versions** have an enhancement for [VM backup compatibility](../version-v1.4/advanced/csidriver.md#vm-backup-compatibility)

> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Harvester v1.4.2 and later versions, you may encounter certain limitations when creating and restoring [backups that involve external storage](../../version-v1.4/advanced/csidriver.md#vm-backup-compatibility).
```

> :::caution
> 
> Harvester **v1.4.2 and later versions** have an enhancement for [VM backup compatibility](../versioned_docs/version-v1.4/advanced/csidriver.md#vm-backup-compatibility)
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Harvester v1.4.2 and later versions, you may encounter certain limitations when creating and restoring [backups that involve external storage](../../version-v1.4/advanced/csidriver.md#vm-backup-compatibility).
```

Reviewer: The linked section outlines limitations so I don't think "enhancement" is appropriate here. Also, the text doesn't require a "caution" label.

@ihcsim WDYT?

Reviewer 2: On one hand, we are taking something away from the user (i.e. a limitation), but we are doing it for the right reasons (i.e. an enhancement). Considering the target audience of this doc is the user, then, yeah, "limitation" makes sense. Thanks.

Reviewer: @ihcsim Thanks for weighing in.
@WebberHuang1118 If you have no concerns, please apply the suggested change to all affected files. Thanks!
